Clarified auth docs (#13000)
directus/directus: docs/configuration/sso-configs.md

# Example SSO Configurations

Below is a collection of Directus configurations for integrating with various OAuth 2.0 and OpenID platforms.

> Due to the large number of avalible SSO plaforms, this list will only cover the most common configurations. Contribution to expand and maintain the list are encouranged.

Author: ```suggestion
Due to the large number of available SSO platforms, this list will only cover the most common configurations. Contributions to expand and maintain the list are encouraged.
```

AUTH_MICROSOFT_ISSUER_URL="https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your_tennant_id>/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration"
AUTH_MICROSOFT_IDENTIFIER_KEY="email"
```

## Okta

```
AUTH_OKTA_DRIVER="openid"
AUTH_OKTA_CLIENT_ID="..."
AUTH_OKTA_CLIENT_SECRET= "..."
AUTH_OKTA_ISSUER_URL="https://<your_okta_domain>/.well-known/openid-configuration"
AUTH_OKTA_IDENTIFIER_KEY="email"
```

## Auth0

```
AUTH_AUTH0_DRIVER="openid"
AUTH_AUTH0_CLIENT_ID="..."
AUTH_AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET="..."
AUTH_AUTH0_ISSUER_URL="https://<your_auth0_domain>/.well-known/openid-configuration
AUTH_AUTH0_IDENTIFIER_KEY="email"
```

## Keycloak

```
AUTH_KEYCLOAK_DRIVER="openid"
AUTH_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID="..."
AUTH_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET="..."
AUTH_KEYCLOAK_ISSUER_URL="http://<your_keycloak_domain>/realms/<your_keycloak_realm>/.well-known/openid-configuration"
AUTH_KEYCLOAK_IDENTIFIER_KEY="email"
```

## Github

```
AUTH_GITHUB_DRIVER="oauth2"
AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID="..."
AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET="..."
AUTH_GITHUB_AUTHORIZE_URL="https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize"
AUTH_GITHUB_ACCESS_URL="https://github.com/login/oauth/access_token"
AUTH_GITHUB_PROFILE_URL="https://api.github.com/user"
```

::: warning Notice

> If the authenticating user has not marked their email as "public" in Github, it will not be readable by Directus.*

Author: ```suggestion
If the authenticating user has not marked their email as "public" in Github, it will not be readable by Directus.
```
